
The very first thing necessary to anyone who's weird
is a place where they don't give you a hard time just 
because you're weird -Mike Callahan-

They say thyme heals all wounds, but I've found it 
doesn't work any better than oregano.

GETTING weird? Been there, done that, got the frequent
flyer miles.

Please cc. all responses to the gutter my mind is 
inhabiting. Thank you. -Kristen-

Ask a silly person, get a silly answer 

Everyone is a damn fool for at least 5 minutes a 
day; wisdom consists of not exceeding the limit. 

I have a plan so cunning you could put a tail on it 
and call it a weasel! 

I'm not panicking. I'm watching you panic. It's 
much more entertaining 

Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat. 

Smile. It confuses people 

Sleep is for wimps. Happy, healthy, well rested 
wimps, but wimps. 

Warning, Whimsical when bored 

Its a cat thing -- you wouldn't understand 

Thousands of years ago, Egyptians worshipped cats. 
Cats have never forgotten this. 

I am under the influence of sugar, caffeine and 
lack of sleep and should not be held responsible 
for my behavior 

Who the hell let the morning people run things? 

I'm lost. I've gone to Look for myself. If I 
should return before I get back, please ask me to
wait. 

Do the voices in my head bother you? 

I like the way your mind malfunctions 

Don't try to outweird me--I get stranger things 
then you free with my breakfast cereal.-Z. Beeblebrox-

Marching to a different kettle of fish 

The Web isn't better then sex, but sliced bread 
is in serious trouble. 

When evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve 

Live wrong and preposterously 

You should see the ones we don't let out in public 

The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers
(Henry VI, Part 2)

American Non Sequitur Society -- we don't make sense,
but we do like pizza 

Visualize Whirled Peas 

Information Superhighway? Looks more like a 
Supercollider to me. 

The internet is NOT cool! Go away! 

If it's not on fire, its a software problem 

If you're going down in flames, you might as 
well hit something big 

A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than 
any invention in human history with the possible 
exceptions of handguns and tequila 

Cartoon Law 8: Any violent rearrangement of 
feline matter is impermanent 

They aren't broken, they're...uh...modular. 

Its ok to laugh during sex - just don't point 

Hardware: the part of the computer that can be kicked.
If you can only curse at it, it's software. 

I no longer fear hell -- I work in Retail 

I find television very educating. Every time somebody 
turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a 
book - Groucho Marx 

I know lots of things, they're just not real useful 

"... It is therefore recommended not to use this 
button at any time." - software documentation

I am a self-made man. But if I have to do it again, I 
think I'll read the manual.

Just because chickens aren't blue doesn't mean yogurt
explodes when you sprinkle mountains on the fish.

Cover me. I'm changing lanes.

Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes.

We are Microsoft. Resistance Is Futile. You Will Be 
Assimilated.

There are many paths to enlightenment.  Sadly,
none of them involve Pizza." - RonRon Shubadi-

It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way 
to spell a word.

If more government is the answer, it must have been 
a really stupid question.

Got kleptomania? Take something for it.

Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse?

I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar 
territory.

I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be 
without sponges..? 

Honk if you love peace and quiet.

Remember, nothing says "I love you" like crashing 
someones server....-Mycroft-

"Sometimes I go off into my own little world...
But that's okay; they know me there."-AJ-

I have given up anarchy. Too many rules-- hating 
the government and all that stuff.-G.H. Hill-

Under no circumstances may you become a Prophet.
We don't intend to jepordize our nonprophet status.
   --Kerry Thornley, Discordian Society Co-founder--

What a lousy place for a wall... -Don Karnage-

..And an open airlock policy. -Ivanova-

I never learned from a man who agreed 
with me-- Robert A. Heinlein

Avalible at dark bookstores everywhere, 
including Barnes and Noble -Book Ad-

Broccoli is a great source of amunition -Marcky-

I  have a large collection of sea shells, 
I keep them stored on beaches around the world. 
Perhaps you've seen them? -Steve Wright-

When the going gets weird the weird turn pro.

Too many times I've seen
The sun come up through bloodshot eyes
This week...

Any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable 
from technology.--Sam Kelly--

Of course, when discussing the shelf-life of Twinkies,
the limiting factor is the life of the shelf-MTR, on a.c

Must write thesis, must write thesis, ooh, there's new 
messages on alt.callahans... -The Yendi-

Software development today is a race between 
programmers trying to create bigger, better, and 
more idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying 
to create bigger and better idiots. So far, the 
Universe is winning.

Weird is part of the job -- Capt. Janeway--

Although the hippopotamus has no sting, the wise 
(wo)man would rather be sat upon by a bee.

Eagles may soar free and proud, but weasels never get 
sucked into jet engines.

Have I found Jesus? I'm still looking for Waldo!

Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four 
essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and 
fat -ALEX LEVINE-

I just can't say enough about brevity...

Abandon hope all ye who {PRESS ENTER} here.

I like you, but I wouldnt want to see you working 
with sub-atomic particles

When you do a good deed, get a reciept, in case 
heaven is like the IRS

Hang up and Drive

Visualize Grilled Cheese

Friend help friends move, real friends help friends 
move bodies.

I can't go to work today, the voices say "Stay home 
and clean the guns."

I am a Bookaholic.If you are a decent person, you 
will not sell me another book.

STOP! (blam! blam! blam!) Klingon Security! (blam! 
blam! blam!) Halt or We'll Shoot!

There are two secrets to success: 
1. Never tell everything you know.

Erotic is using a feather, 
Kinky is using the whole chicken

Hugaholic, in search of my next fix

sex is like air, its not important unless you 
aren't getting any.

if vegetable oil is made of vegetables, what is 
baby oil made of?

no guts, no glory, no brain, same story.

if quitters never win, and winners never quit, then 
who is the fool that first said "quit while you are 
ahead"?

if you don't die from it it is healthy.

never sleep with anyone crazier than you.

if everything is going well, you don't know what the 
hell is going on.

sex is like snow.  you never know how many inches 
you are going to get, or how long it will last. 

women need a reason to have sex, men just need a place

duct tape is like the force-there is a light side 
and a dark side and it holds the universe together.

there are three kinds of people. those who count 
and those who can't.

it is not what a teenager know that bothers their 
parents. it is how they found out!

life is sexually transmitted

no job is so simple that it cannot be done wrong

you can only be young once, but you can be 
immature forever.

only adults have difficulty with childproof bottles.

the sum of the intelligence on the planet is 
constant, but the population is increasing

Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic

Unable to locate Coffee -- Operator Halted!

If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not 
for you.

**FLASH** Energizer Bunny arrested, charged 
with battery.

Can I yell "movie" in a crowded firehouse??

Easy as 3.14159265358979323846...

How do I set my Laser printer to "Stun"?

Never Play Leap-Frog with a Unicorn

Love hurts -- but only if it's done right!

Now remember: rape, pillage, and burn.  And
for Thor's sake, let's get the order right this time!

Everything I needed to know in life, I learned in
kidnergarten.  Like, always check for extraneous roots
when squaring to remove the radicals.

Legion of the Damned - Reserve. Fighting for the 
Forces of Evil One Weekend A Month

Thunder rolled....It rolled a six.

A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer

When opportunity calls, one must answer, even when 
it demands that one spend the next hour of one's life 
thinking up things to do with rotten fish.

YOU FOUND GOD?  IF NOBODY CLAIMS HIM IN 30 DAYS, 
HE'S YOURS!

I Found Jesus, He was in my trunk when I got back 
from Tijuana.

If all men were brothers, the inbreeding would 
be scary.

Thinking is a subversive activity. So is laughter.

Any sufficiently advanced political correctness is 
indistinguishable from irony. -Jane Hawkins-

America is at that awkward stage.  It's too late 
to work within the system, but too early to shoot 
the bastards.-Claire Wolfe-

"And never the twain shall meet."  (Which is good, 
because twain cwashes are ugwy.)

Those who can, have great preserves.-Michael, 
the Chaotic-

You're a figment of my imagination -- which just 
goes to show what a sick and twisted mind *I've* got.

Its not the tears we soak up that do us any hurt,... 
its the ones we ignore.-BarbaraFox-

Gargle for intensity, not whiplash.

  A "Normal" person is the sort of person that 
might be designed by a committee. (You know, 
"Each person puts in a pretty color and it comes 
out grey.")-Alan Sherman-

 It's not that I'm bitter and twisted, it's just 
that I'm bitter and twisted -Deth-

I would stop eating chocolate....but I'm no quitter

Some drink from the Fountain ofKnowledge...others 
only gargle.

Ignorance killed the cat; curiosity was framed.

If your purpose in life is to entertain the gods, 
you might as well put on a good show.

Sex between a man and a woman can be a wonderful 
thing...If you're between the right man and the 
right woman.

If all the world's a stage, I want better lighting.

There are many intelligent races in the universe.  
They all have cats.

Service may vary according to my mood and your 
attitude

Death before decafe

You're just jelous because the little voices 
talk to me

It's your hell. You burn in it!

This is more fun than putting a gerbil down my pants

Driven by a strong play ethic

I wouldn't want to be normal even if I knew what 
it was

awww... did I step on your poor itty bitty ego?

I'm not as normal as I look

Decaffinated coffee is like kissing your sister

Only those who attempt the absurd acheive 
the impossible

Rock is dead... Long live paper and sissors!

Every dog has his day...but the nights belong to 
us cats!

Exercise before kinky sex - you should be fit 
to be tied

I want to be like all the other noncomformists...

HUG TESTER

Incorridgeble Punster, Do Not Incorridge

Invertebrate punster, spinelessly unable to resist 
a pun so slug me! 

Beware of quantum ducks, quark, quark!

Anything not nailed down is a cat toy. 
Anything a cat can claw up, is not nailed down.

Anything not nailed down is a cat toy. 
Everything else is a scratching post

Anything on the ground is a cat toy. 
Anything not there yet, will be

667, the neighbor of the beast!

When Cthulu calls, He calls 1-800-Collect

Weirdness Magnet

If you can't dress weird, why dress at all?

It's you and me against the world: We attack at dawn

Little old ladies sewing circle, and terrorist society

Once you pull the pin on Mr. Grenade he is no longer 
your friend

I'm A Figment Of My Own Imagination, But Why 
Are You Here?

We're A Paranoid Schizophrenic, And We Outnumber 
You Two To One

Join The Illuminati, And See The World, Differently

Evil Geniuses For A Better Tommorow

If You Eat A Live Frog In The Morning, Nothing 
Worse Will Happen, To Either You Or The Frog, For 
The Rest Of The Day

Everyone Is Someone Elses Weirdo

Go Lemmings Go!

Mop And Glow, Official Floor Wax Of The Chernobyl 
Clean Up Team

Everyone Deserves A HUG, Ask And You Shall Receive

Get Your Mind Out Of The Gutter, You're Blocking My
Periscope

The Generation Of Random Numbers Is Too Important 
Too Be Left To Chance

Cats don't get into Mischief, Cats are Mischief

Assasins Inc. We Aim to Please

God is my Copilot, But the Devil is my Bombardier

Back Rub Junkie

Does "Anal Retentive", Require a Hyphen?

If I want your opinion, I'll read your Entrails.

BABY ON BOARD - Just means five more points because 
they're a yuppie!

OK I'm weird, but I'm Saving Up to be Eccentric.

Full blown batshit crazy, but still holding down a
productive job

 A person should not promise to give a child 
something and then not give it, because in that 
way the child learns to lie. -Babylonian Talmud

I'm in shape. Round is a shape

I am a god in human form and completely demented.  
It works for me -HoseHead-

A child of five could understand this,
fetch me a child of five

I don't need your attitude, I have my own.

I live like I type - fast and with a lot of mistakes

Let's just say I don't respond well to authority 

Let's see them figure THAT one out!

Meandering to a different drummer

My job: To comfort the afflicted and to afflict 
the comfortable

Everything is going to be alright - for varying 
values of alright 

He who dies with the most toys is, nonetheless, 
still dead

I stared into the abyss. The abyss stared into me. 
Neither of us liked what we saw

If only there was some indication that the Universe 
was doing it on purpose

Some would sooner die than think. In fact, 
they often do.-Bertrand Russell-

Welcome back to square one 

Theater is life. Cinema is art. Television is 
furniture.

A truly great library contains something in it to 
offend everyone -Jo Godwin-

Eschew Obfuscation!

I don't need speed reading. I need speed bookcase 
building

So many books, so little: Time, Money, 
Shelf space (check list) 

Cat people are generally not conformists. How could 
they be, with a cat running their lives?

Cats are Zen made Fur -Jo Godwin-

Feline Sapiens

If cats had longer attention spans, they'd be 
running the world 

Purring, the sound of a cat manufacturing cuteness

Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first

I do more work after 2 AM than most people do all day

Is there life before coffee? Yes, but not intelligent 
life. 

Sleep deprivation is fun - you see such pretty colors

I'm not myself today. Maybe I'm you. 

Possessor of a mind not merely twisted but actually 
sprained

Surgeon General's Warning: The wearer of this button 
may be hazardous to your mental health

No one is a failure who is enjoying life 

User Hostile 

Nerd Pride. Why do they think "walking encyclopedia" 
is an insult?

Dust Bunnies make wonderful house pets

And before you get all happy, be informed that your 
punishment does not include pain or sex.

Vanilla is a spice, too

Does it have enhanced IR vision, a particle beam 
weapon with target acquisition, highly amplified 
arm/leg systems, sell-contained atmosphere and a 
small nuclear plant? No? Not much of a "power suit", 
is it? 

Do you know where your towel is? 

I'm looking for Callahan's. Can any pun 
direct me there?

I'll have some of what that gentlebeing on 
the floor is drinking 

You should see the ones we don't let out in public

Ask me, I'm shy

This IS a costume. I'm a homicidal maniac -- 
they look just like everyone else.

Rule #1: Don't sweat the small stuff. 
Rule #2: It's all small stuff 

I am the Mother Of All Things... and All Things should
put on a sweater.

Oh, sure.  You just don't want to end up marrying 
another fish. -momblanch, regarding Rose-

In the beginning there was nothing, And God said 
"let there be light". And there was still nothing,
But you could see it.

 I'm not sure that some of the sk.sympatico tech 
people I've overheard could tell you how to get 
the cup holder to extend, let alone where your 
CD-ROM is. -Sirilyan-

Y'know, that's really... sweet. Twisted, 
but sweet, nonetheless. -Kristen-

Charming and polite? As compared to a rabid 
wolverine with a toothache on LSD. -Shadowcat-

And God said "Let there be light" and there was light.
"Hmm, pleasant effect" thought God, and flipped it off 
and on a few times'

Subversives, synchronize your watches... -John Vinson-

Revenge is a dish best served...with pinto beans 
and corn muffins -Killj0y-

...and on the seventh day God rested, and Mrs. 
McGilly came in and did the cleaning.

333 -- Eric the half-Beast.

Be alert! The world needs more lerts!

Cleverly disguised as a responsible adult.

Dear Lord give me chastity and self-restraint... 
but not yet, O Lord, not yet! -Saint Augustine-

Honest, Officer! The dwarf was on fire when 
I got here!

I worry about when I'm 30 and I reach my sexual peak, 
what if I'm alone in the house? I fear for the safety 
of all my kitchen appliances. -Jennifer Heath-

Illuminatus vehicles provided by the Fnord 
Motor Company

digression is only a state of mind, sort of 
like Utah but more like Calif...-DieFldrmause-

hmmm, dwarves by mail w/ no obligation, 
I should look into this -Pixel-

nothing scares me...I'm not awake enough!-HoseHead-

why thank you, and there seems to be shaving cream
in my helmet -Pixel-

Raising consciousness one eyebrow at a time.

I've always felt that I was a lesbian trapped
in a man's body.

You can believe anything you want.  The universe 
is not obliged to keep a straight face.-Solomon Short-

Cthulu Tequila, where the wyrm eats you...

Evolution, life's a niche and then you die

Life is a virgin, if it was a bitch, it would be easy.

Subvert the dominant paradigm!

The same qualities that make me so charming have also
made me unemployable

Meekness is uncommon patience, quietly planning a
worthwhile revenge

Naturally you're out of book space. Everyone is 
always out of book space. If you're not out of book 
space, you're probably not worth knowing

I love to cook - Where else can you find such a great 
excuse to play with sharp objects and fire?

What we have here is a failure to communi#}X@ 
NO CARRIER

If only these innocents knew...

I support the bigot's right to speak out, as if I 
start limiting them, they may start limiting me. I 
also support my right to ignore them. -Laura Packer-

...no I can't get that many frogs on such short 
notice...-Pixel-

A penny for your thoughts; $20 to act it out-randome-

 I'm not Schizophrenic! Yes I am! No I'm Not! 
Who are you?

Blithering Genius

Incoming Fire Has The Right Of Way

Reality is just a collective hunch.

Rub her feet. -L. Long-

Shin: a body part used for finding furniture in 
the dark.

Suppose you were an idiot and suppose you were a 
member of Congress. But I repeat myself. -Mark Twain-

Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now 
possible to travel across the country from coast to 
coast without seeing anything. -Charles Kuralt-

That was setting #1. Anyone want to see setting #2?

The floggings shall continue until morale improves.

The Illuminati aren't out to get you.  What was 
your name again?

This score just in:  Deep Space 9, Babylon 5.

What's the difference between a kiss-ass and 
a brown-noser? ...Depth perception.

yip yip yip yap yap yip *BANG* -- NO TERRIER

If in the last few years you haven't discarded 
a major opinion or aquired a new one, check your 
pulse. You may be dead. -Gelett Burgess-

Most of us spend the first 6 days of each week sowing 
wild oats, then we go to church on Sunday and pray for 
a crop failure. -Fred Allen

Filk is 8-bit folk music with the parody bit set

Im doing my part to piss of the religious right, 
are you?

Get a taste for religion, lick a Witch

Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm

I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol

Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of

Support bacteria - they're the only culture some 
people have 

An optimist never gets a pleasant surprise

After all, if everyone on Earth was alike, 
think what a haggis shortage there would be...-Celine-

When the first living thing was created, I was there,
waiting. And when the last living thing shall perish,
my job will be done. I'll put the chairs on the tables,
turn out the lights and lock the universe behind me 
when I leave.-Death-

The person who doesn't read has no advantage over 
the person who can't

Meddle not in the affairs of filkers, for your name
sounds funny and scans to Greensleeves

* pernishus looks at Joe and wonders what he's 
supposed to do with a pen-communicator -- draw the 
appropriate conclusions???

apartments dont move fast, but they take a lot of 
hits to kill-shadowcat-

All pigs fed and ready to fly 

I love deadlines. I enjoy the whooshing sound they 
make as they go by

Marvelous! You're going to kill me. What a finely 
tuned response to the situation. 

Oh, please continue with your petty bickering,
I find it fascinating 

Isn't shrimp on a Barbie a bit kinky?

All you need is WD-40 to make things go, and 
duct tape to make them stop  

And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, 
for if you hit a man with a ploughshare, he'll know 
he's been hit

Ask me--I'm interactive   

Brain damage is what we were after...chromosome 
damage was just gravy

Don't just stand there--rub my back!   

Everything in the universe is packaging, big toys, 
or meat      

Few things are as ego-boosting as being kicked out 
of an anarchy convention 

Gone crazy, be back later, leave message at the beep   

I don't blame Congress. If I had $600 billion at my 
disposal, I'd be irresponsible, too.   

I was born weird--this terrible compulsion to behave 
normally is the result of childhood trauma   

If you can't say something nice, say something 
surrealistic  

If you've never said "excuse me" to a parking meter 
or bashed your shins on a fireplug, you're probably 
wasting too much valuable reading time   

It's a condescending thing, dear--you wouldn't 
understand   

It's simple--you're seen what food processors do to 
food, right?   

Life should consist of at least fifty percent pure 
waste of time and the rest in doing what you please  

Not only are people weirder than you think, 
people are weirder than you can think   

Once we've got the bugs ironed out, we'll be 
running on flat bugs   

Playing in traffic on the information superhighway   

Professional Nuisance for Hire--name a target, name 
a place, I'm there   

You shall know the truth, and the truth shall 
make you odd   

You've got to know the rules before you break them
otherwise it's no fun   

You're so cute when you're cynical   

you can't win a revolution without a sense of
humor-Ammon Hennacy-

World domination through guilt and onions...-Laura-

we are #callahans of borg. you will be addicted, 
resistance is funny.-Rose and Eric_Hurd-

don't piss me off.  I'm running out of places 
to hide the bodies

We have all heard that a million monkeys banging 
on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce 
the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the 
Internet, we know this is not true.-R. Wilensky-

Smith and Wesson:the original point and click 
interface.

Mind Like A Steel Trap - Rusty And Illegal 
In 37 States

Ambition is a poor excuse for not having 
enough sense to be lazy.

I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your 
horn louder.

I can't wait until I'm old enough for people to 
take me seriously, so I can explain to them why 
they shouldn't -Rose-

Everyone is entitled to his or her own INFORMED 
opinion.-Harlan Ellison-

Falls don't kill people. It's the deceleration trauma.

I'd tell you to go to hell, but I work there, 
and I don't want to have to see you every day.

Remember, sex is God's way of making sure than no one 
will ever take mankind too seriously.

What's a metabolism? I think mine ran away in fear
	-Rose-

It looks like Barney has won... No wait, Godzilla 
is getting up...

My son is getting out for good behavior at Father 
Baker's Reform School.

Dear IRS:
I would like to cancel my subscription. 
Please remove my name from your mailing list. 

Cthulhu Lives! (In my refrigerator)

If your life is so exciting, why are you reading
my button?

I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.

Underneath my clothes I'm completely naked!

Have a Day :|

Out the modem... through the phone line... 
into the routing substation... nuthin' but net.

the upside of being single is that i can sleep 
with anyone i want to. the downside is, i don't 
want to

Five days a week, my body's a temple; 
the other two, it's an amusement park.

I give up, what planet ARE you from?

"you could at least pretend you're enjoying the view" 
"i can't, you're a blur from the neck down" 
"you're right, i am!"

Welcome aboard the emotional rollercoaster, please 
keep your limbs and insecurities in the car at all 
times, enjoy the ride...-Pixel-

Legally, It's Questionable. Morally, It's Disgusting. 
Personally, I Like It.

Ah, yes, codeine. Being on codeine means never 
having to say... anything coherent, really-Ryland-

Hey, if we've had the sexual revolution, how come we 
didn't get to install a new sexual government?-Big Al-

The other involved a conversation with god. I found 
his answers to be pithy, but he seemed like an 
interesting enough fellow.-Laura Packer, about a dream-

If you know you're going to look back on today and 
laugh, you might as well start laughing now.

Yes, but aside from that, Mrs. Lincoln, what did 
you think of the play?-jillbug-

I Am Erotic. You Are Kinky. They Are Perverts.

To err is human, to moo, Bovine.

Early to ride and early to bed makes a person 
healthy, but socially dead.-Yakko-

When dealing with a 'hardware' problem, the 
first step is to check the nut that holds the keyboard.

FLASH! Intelligence of mankind decreasing! 
Details at...uh, when the little hand is on the....

I fell asleep reading "Matter and Conciousness"
	-Killj0y-
