
the plural of anecdote is not data.-lenny-

memes don't exist -- tell your friends

So I have to be able to perform 
the actions in the movie before I can 
critique it? Ok. You have to survive being 
boiled and then held underwater before you 
can have an opinion on tea.-gutnik-

Moving parts in rubbing contact require 
lubrication to avoid excessive wear. 
Honorifics and formal politeness provide 
lubrication where people rub together. Often 
the very young, the untraveled, the naive, 
the unsophisticated deplore these formalities 
as "empty," "meaningless," or "dishonest," 
and scorn to use them. No matter how "pure" 
their motives, they thereby throw sand into 
machinery that does not work too well at 
best.  -Lazarus Long-

Condoms aren't completely safe.  I was 
wearing one and got hit by a truck.

I firmly believe that any man's finest 
hour is that moment when he has worked his 
heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted 
on the field of battle, victorious.

So there I was, flat on my back. Hopeing to
*god* they'd inflate. -overheard at arisia-

If you can spend a perfectly useless 
afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, 
you have learned how to live.

If the universe made sense, then men 
would ride side saddle

'Cause I'm faithful to my lady, and my 
lady is the road. -Rose Platt-

adventure can be a puffy sticker out of a 
vending machine, if people are looking at it 
the right way. -adam-

That's my story and I'm sticking to it. 
Because I wrote it down on flypaper.
		-Ford ][-

If my kids decide to take out half a town 
square from a clock tower I'm going to be 
issuing statements like, "I know she did a 
terrible thing, but look what fine aim 
she has!"

You're hard on crotches.-Pixel-

trying to define my gender would be like 
trying to define what variety of fruit my 
car is -Christa-

Procrastinate Now.

STUPIDITY IS NOT A HANDICAP. Park 
elsewhere!

MOOSEHEAD: A great beer and a new 
experience for a moose.

Get out of your bed, put on the Abercrombie
pants and GAP shirt your mommy and daddy 
bought for you and right the wrongs you have 
participated in.-Article on campus hate-

A rising tide covers a lot of shipwrecks.-Kirk
Walden-

I am returning this otherwise good typing paper
to you because someone has printed gibberish all
over it and put your name at the top.-English
Professor, Ohio University-

The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no
cure for curiosity.-Ellen Parr-

Keep the company of those who seek the truth,
and run from those who have found it.
	-Vaclav Havel-

God and Country are an unbeatable team; they
break all records foroppression and bloodshed.
	-Luis Buquel-

An expert is a person who has made all the
mistakes that can be made in a very narrow
field.-Niels Bohr-

Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded
if you tied them the usual way. This happens to
us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks
of complaining.-Jeff Raskin-

I can't understand why people are frightened of
new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
	-John Cage-

Don't go around saying the world owes you a
living. The world owes you nothing. It was here
first.-Mark Twain-

I either want less corruption, or more chance
to participate in it.-Ashleigh Brilliant-

Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.-Phyllis
Diller-         

It is going to be fun to watch and see how long
the meek can keep the earth after they inherit 
it.-Kim Hubbard-

There's a sick, disgusting animal living in all
of us - you just had the courage to let it come 
out and ravage the townsfolk!-Tim Deale-

Some people ask the secret of our long
marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two
times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft
music, and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go
Fridays.-Henny Youngman-

Kids today have so many advantages I never
had.There's no telling what I could've
accomplished with a home computer and a
handgun.-LeMel Hebert-Williams-

If the world gives you lemons, you can make
lemonade... or you can make a biologically    
engineered virulent air-born pathogenic virus
that will wipe out the entire population of the
planet, which would be a whole lot cooler.
	-Quan Choi-

While I'm fully aware that money can't buy
happiness, I wouldn't mind being known as "the
melancholy guy who drives the red Lamborghini
Diablo.-George Olson-

It is not necessary to change. Survival is not
mandatory.-W. Edwards Deming-

The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he
knows where all the bad girls live.

Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns
because they taste funny?

What was the best thing before sliced bread?

Liberal Arts Major . . . Will Think For Food

Wanted: Meaningful Overnight Relationship

A City Is a Large Community Where People Are 
Lonesome Together

In America Anyone Can Be President . . . 
That's One of the Risks You Take

I intend to live forever - so far so good.

The journey of a thousand miles begins with a
broken fan belt and a leaky tire.

It's always darkest before dawn.  So if you're
going to steal the neighbor's newspaper, that's
the time to do it

Never mess up an apology with an excuse.

Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first
time.

Make sure to take off your shoes before 
SHOVING YOUR FOOT IN YOUR MOUTH. 
Socks, however, provide an interesting
aftertaste.

...misery loves company...so does horniness

I may disagree with what you say, but I will 
defend to the death your right to mis-attribute 
this quote to Voltaire.-Avram Grumer-

I'm not weird. Psychopaths are weird. 
I'm pleasantly strange. -Mycroft-

- Though apparently the original purpose of 
bagpipes was to scare the crap out of the enemy 
in battle. ("Aiiie! We're being attacked by
Catholic schoolgirls, and you should SEE what 
they're doing to those poor cats!")-Ehursh-

One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. 
How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
     -Groucho Marx-

If you get that tongue fixed, you could make 
million of people happy.-Bernie the Agent to 
Kermit in The Muppet Movie- 

I just got a very silly image in my head of a 
goth funeral where everyone shows up driving 
hearses and the people who run the funeral parlor 
are forced to play find-the-casket.-Christa-

Valvoline is the #1 choice of top mechanics. 
I guess submissive mechanics use Quaker State.
	-Christa-

Warning: objects in bodice are smaller than 
they appear.

I was very disappointed when I realized 
that "canonization" does not involve shooting 
the person out of a cannon.-B Slinker-

I like the world to throw bright shiny 
incongruities in my way. It makes me laugh.-Ann-

Results! Why man, I have gotten a lot of 
results. I know several thousand things that 
won't work.-Thomas Alva Edison -

If all the world's a stage, then I want to 
operate the trap door.

If USENET is anarchy, IRC is a paranoid 
schizophrenic after 6 days on speed. 

| <- You must be smarter than this stick 
to ride the Internet 

A tiny bottle of Scope is a lousy substitute 
for a real vagina, especially when you are 
traveling.-cockeyed.com-

You couldn't get a clue during the clue mating 
season in a field full of horny clues if you 
smeared your body with clue musk and did the 
clue mating dance.-Edward Flaherty-

You gotta sing like you don't need the money, 
love like you'll never get hurt.  You've gotta 
dance like nobody's watching - it's gotta come 
from the heart if you want it to work.- Garnet 
Rogers _At a High Window_-

I'm tired of all this business about beauty 
being only skin deep.  That's deep enough. What 
do you want - an adorable pancreas?-Jean Kerr-

I've got half a mind to get another lobotomy

I kind of like the idea of a mind-destroying 
tome of evil appearing in mass-market rack-size 
paperback

Why should I spend my life doing work I 
despise to earn money I don't need to buy things 
I don't want, to impress people I can't stand?

The geographical center of Boston is in 
Roxbury.  Due north of the center we find the 
South End.  This is not to be confused with 
South Boston which lies directly east from the 
South End.  North of the South End is East Boston 
and southwest of East Boston is the North End.

Despite its proven stress-relieving effect, I 
will not indulge in maniacal laughter. When so 
occupied, it's too easy to miss unexpected
developments that a more attentive individual 
could adjust to accordingly.-Sean Gomez-

The good die young.  However, most people 
are morally ambiguous, which explains our 
random dying patterns.-some MST3K episode-

If you can't find it on the web, when you 
find it, put it there.-John Bowker-

Objective: To have a job that pays decently 
and doesn't make my brain atrophy or make me 
want to chew off my own limbs to escape.
	-Laurie Brunner-

Intelligence is the ability to see many points 
of view without going completely bonkers.
	-Douglas Adams-

 I am as frustrated with society as a pyromaniac
in a petrified forest.-A. Whitney Brown-

Life is a whim of several billion cells to be 
you for a while.

It is the friends you can call at 4AM that matter.
	-Marlene Dietrich-

Using words to describe magic is like using a 
screwdriver to cut roast beef.-Tom Robbins-

Of all the buildings ever built pyramids have 
lasted the longest, for triangles are stronger than 
lines.-Marianne E. Gawne-
	(daughter of a polyamorous household)

All dates consist of three things; food, 
entertainment and affection.  At first, there is a 
lot of entertainment and only a little affection.  
As the relationship progresses, the entertainment is
decreased and the affection is increased.  When the 
affection becomes the entertainment, we no longer 
call it "dating".  At no time may the food be omitted.
	-Miss Manners-

The border between the Real and the Unreal is not 
fixed, but just marks the last place where rival gangs 
of shamans fought each other to a standstill. 
	-Robert Anton Wilson-

Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous 
energy merely to be normal.-Albert Camus-

It is retrograde to clone. There are other ways of 
making people identical. We can put them through the 
same schools and subject them to eight hours of TV 
every day. That works a lot better. Why do you think 
Americans are buying SUVs?-Steen Willadse-

Don't anthropomorphize computers. They hate that.

Sanity is a one trick pony -- all you have is 
rational thought.  But when you're good and loony, 
the sky's the limit!-The Tick-

"This is like being nibbled to death by .. um ..  
pah .. What are those Earth creatures called?  
Feather, long bill, webbed feet, go quack?"
'Cats.'
"Cats.  I'm being nibbled to death by cats."
	-"Londo" and 'Vir'-

Here at Artillery Command we have at our diposal 
hundred megawatt laser beams, mach 20 titanium rods
and guided thermonuclear bombs. Some people say we 
think that we're God. We're not God. We just
borrowed his SMITE button for our fire control system.

Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
	-Foghorn Leghorn-

Mere alcohol is no match for creative insanity.
	-Ace Lightning-

Everything I needed to know in life I learned in 
Kindergarten.  Like: If it's from Acme, and the words 
"rocket powered" or "explosive" are on the package, 
walk, don't run, away quickly, and don't bother the nice
birdie on your way out.

There are two kinds of people. I'm not either of them.

Organized religion is like saying "one size fits all". 
Give me disorganized religion (or just a good idea) 
any day.

If you were given a single wish, what would you wish 
for? Why are you still here? Don't you have something 
to strive for now? 

If homosexuality is a disease, let's all call in queer 
to work. 'Hello, can't work today. Still queer.'
	-Robin Taylor-

You may have noticed, I'm not all there, myself. 
	-Cheshire Cat-

"Lennier; get us the hell out of here!"
'Initiating "getting the hell out of here" manoeuvre.'
	-"Ivanova" & 'Lennier', Babylon 5-

The only thing better than messing with somebody's 
sense of reality is messing with a whole LOTTA people's 
sense of reality....-J. Michael Straczynski (Producer, 
creator, etc. of Babylon 5)-

"My elbows are grass-stained, I've got sticks in my 
hair, I'm covered with bug bites and cuts and 
scratches... I've got sand in my socks and leaves in 
my shirt, my hands are sticky with sap, and my shoes
are soaked! I'm hot, dirty, sweaty, itchy and tired."
'I say consider this day seized!'
	-"Calvin" & 'Hobbes'-

And beware, for after all your critiques, the author 
still has one fairly devastating question to ask in 
return, the eternal question of the creator to the one 
who experiences the creation:  "Where were *you* when 
page one was blank?"-Diane Duane-

Did you know a single fur coat takes fourteen trees 
just for the protest signs?-Emo Phillips-

I do try to take one day at a time, but sometimes 
several days attack me at once.

Attention all units - a giant worm has been seen 
slithering up Fifth Avenue toward the Empire State 
Building! He started out at the Brooklyn Bridge as
a very docile creature, but he's been mugged 27 
times so far and starting to get ticked off!
	-Mad book of Sex, Violence and Home Cooking-

Mom, romance is dead.  It was acquired in a hostile 
takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and 
sold off piece by piece.-Lisa Simpson-

'You're silly.' "I'm very silly, but - that's what 
I _do_ for a living."-'Gwen & "Leslie" in _Toys_-

Can God create a rock He cannot lift? The real 
question is, Is God that bored?-Traveler Farlander-

I'm a patriot.  I love my decadent, cosmopolitan, 
self-indulgent, racially-mixed, godless, 
intellectually dilletante, drug-abusing, promiscuous, 
queer-loving country. And its flag is the Stars and 
Stripes.-Patrick Nielsen Hayden-

Some people have a genuine gift of poetry, a way 
with words that surpasses beauty and touches the 
deepest parts of one's soul... and some people, 
um, thingy.

If you're so Goth, where were you when they 
sacked Rome?

It is just as important to have some madness to 
your method as it is to have some method to your 
madness.

Apathy Error: Don't Bother Striking Any Key

And now, if anyone wants to talk, I'll be over 
there in the corner trying to restuff this crap 
back in the matching three piece luggage set I 
drag my emotional baggage around in.-BarbaraFox-

Those who live by the sword get shot by those 
who don't.

Whatever it is that unitarians see when they 
have a near-death experience, I just saw it...
I saw something non-denominational and
benevolent.-Caitlin-

When your dream comes true, you're out one dream.
		-The Nields_Tomorrowland_-

No Shit! There we were...

On the whole we like people who have a sense of 
humor about themselves.  It saves us the trouble of 
laughing at them.-Dave Hull-

But the thing is, well, most men and women do 
live lives of quiet desperation.  They don't reach 
for brass rings.  They don't dare to be different.  
They rationalize, put off, go along.  Then they 
wonder why their life sucks.-Mike Sager-

you should wear with pride the scars on your skin.
They're a map of the adventures, and the places 
you've been.-"U Li La Lu" by Poi Dog Pondering-

Millions of years ago, there was a creature that 
sounded like a vacuum cleaner.  
We don't know much about it, but we do know that it 
ate cats.

for the longest time, I’ve been under the impression 
that I was slightly schizophrenic... because when I 
drive at night, everything is really strange...
blurry and spooky... the glare of the traffic lights 
is almost unbearable. it's as if every night was a 
Las Vegas Jubilee. well, I discovered something
tonight that has me slightly miffed. hmphers, I’m not 
schizophrenic afterall... I’m just a slob who owns a 
dirty car with tree sap all over the windshield. but 
that doesn't explain the midgets... so there's still 
hope for me yet. why do I wish to be crazy? so I can 
declare myself Holy Empress of the Galaxy and 
Protector of the Mysterious Cosmic Ramen Flavor 
Packet... and everyone would just humor me. 

I'm 51% civilized and 49% barbarian, don't push it!

In my spare time I have been attempting to construct 
an Eskimo sentence in my basement, such as will be 
suitable for the season. I have not got it perfected 
yet, but it is coming along pretty well, and with a
coat of paint or two it might pass for the genuine 
article. So far I have: kaniktshaq moritlkatsio
atsuniartoq. When completed, this sentence will 
proclaim: "Look at all this f**king snow." At present 
it means: "Observe the snow. It fornicates." 
		-Cecil Adams, The Straight Dope-

Sic biscuitus disintegratum - that's the way the 
cookie crumbles

I am stuff that is broken. -LeviAdams-

The Web brings people together because no matter 
what kind of a twisted sexual mutant you happen to be,
you've got millions of pals out there. Type in 'Find 
people that have sex with goats that are on fire' and 
the computer will ask, 'Specify type of goat.' 
		-Jason Alexander-

It's always scary when your assumptions get hit. 
They're sort of the funnybone of our minds -- tender 
and vulnerable.-Wired-

Love is like pork rinds. At first, it seems disgusting. 
Then, you try it, and it seems okay. Then you find out 
what goes into it, and you realize that you were right 
the first time. Except love isn't crunchy.-Johanna Bobrow-

I'm attached to you. Don't worry, though, it's a purely 
textual attraction.-someone on a BBS-

...another smooth escape disguised as a dramatic exit 

Europeans think 100 miles is a long way. Americans 
think 100 years is a long time 

I don't flirt with death. She runs up and sticks her 
tongue in my ear. 

I found Jesus, and he said, "Tag, you're it!" 

'Don't be a fucking idiot' should be a safeword 

Sneak sneak sneak sneak sneak sneak POUNCE!

Lo' there do I see my father, 
Lo' there do I see my mother, my sisters, & my brothers, 
Lo' there do I see the line of my people, back to the beginning 
Lo' they do call to me, they bid me take my place among them, 
in the Halls of Valhalla, where the brave may live forever.
		-_Eaters_of_the_Dead_-

Just keep pretending to be able to chat and make idle plans 
like a normal person and you'll graduate to being Weird _and_ 
Functional, the best combination.-Vera Tobin-

How many boards would a Mongol hoard, if a Mongol hoard 
got bored?

The best part about sex is seeing what feels nice when 
combined with something else. it's like playing an old 
Sierra adventure game.

Everson's Constant: For every subject X, there are 3 Geocities 
pages saying 'X is Cool,' 2 saying 'X suX,' and at least 1 
'X ate my balls.' -RJ Bertsche-

Of course all the logic and reason in the world means 
squat if the emotions are being belligerent bastards.
		-C. Baldwin, "Bruno"-

Never turn your back on a weasel with a power saw...

God in the lastest, chrome-plated
dual-carb, chopped & channeled
eight-hundred-horsepower incarnation.
God's unspoken name is Vroooom!